Italy for the Super Turismo it's the
Ferrari Challenge where 33 five-five
Ferraris go at it and we will be
bringing you that action in upcoming
weeks on Speed Week they're in luck
we're now settling in for the second of
the races here at vigillo and quite a
bit of work is done in the very short
space of time about 30 minutes to work
on the cars between the two heats the
whole secret is the driver gets back
there and explains what's happened with
the car what they're happy with what
they're not happy with then it's up to
the mechanics to do the fine tuning of
the suspension get things worked out to
hopefully pick up some extra place a bit
of extra speed and maybe some more
efficient handling well of course the
worst thing is if you rip in and say you
want 20 more horsepower the mechanics
well they can't work miracles let's have
a look now off the start it will be
joven rd it will come from pole position
our having won the first race that moves
him straight to the front of the grid
okay the BMW settling in pretty quickly
that was chip Coto and thus petty I'm
expecting the Audi's really to come to
the fore as far as traction guys look at
this though Joe vanadis got himself a
bit of a challenge here the BMW head of
a touch there looked like a bit of a
gentlemanly type touch as Miss Betty
settles himself in the second place that
should fall now he's something inside so
nurse Betty really starting to pull of
him and get on with it
i think joe menardi though really just
settle down and not make any errors here
Capello there looking strong and in fact
his teammate wore now up in the third
yes third place for more chicano back
into fourth and Capello sitting back in
fifth position so compelling to have to
work very hard is already picked out one
position off the grid and call cha go
there sitting back behind him so early
privateer well
truly to the big guys out in front of a
tional team but it is joe menardi hitch
really going well why he's trying to get
a bit of a break there mate a way and
let the elephant will get on with her I
see in any race situation if you have a
fighter bucks and sold that although
question you get the right daddy cry
winning and losing well the privateer
Cup I mean I know we talk a lot about
the privateers but here in Italy they
put a lot of stock into winning the
privateer Cup as we said it's called the
Cetina trophy and for the privateers
it's one way of working your way forward
and possibly picking up a factory drive
Joe Bernard is still in the lead car 3
and the Alpha 1 5 5 and thus petty the
second of the BMW drivers I'm not sure
whether there's any team orders in that
BMW team but chicano now sitting back in
4th place on board with Mahler there and
Mahler really has got a future in this
game I mean he's only young 27 years of
age and a factory outtie driver look at
this though we've got this petty round
the outside of Mahler now what more has
to do is hold his line and that's not
going to work or on board with Mahler
again in the Audi and it's easy to see
just well how complicated the cars are
now for drivers there are so many things
the drivers have to pay attention to
they run a PI data logging system that
has an alarm setting on it basically you
don't have to watch the instruments that
much they'll tell you if they've got a
problem
they have presets and the alarms will go
off and believe you me you'll know that
there's a bit of an oil pressure problem
or possibly a temperature problem what
the drivers have to concern themselves
with though is front and rear roll bar
stiffness as the tires go away as the
track gets a bit slippery you can change
the stiffness of either the front row
bar or the rib basically if you add
front row bar the car will tend to
understeer a little bit if you add rear
row bar the rear will start to slide and
that don't you control well we might
have a great problem if we in fact you
may not be happy with the tires all up
the drivers property busier their
redline on these cars eight and a half
thousand that's their maximum it doesn't
matter whether you're running
four-cylinder six-cylinder v6 whatever
it might be is
always going to be eight and half
thousand rpm we've got a great race here
BMW is working over the Audi there and
right at them and it's going their way
as well so it is the two BMWs chasing
around in front as far as tactics go
with the two BMWs because they test a
lot together they sort of would know
what the other would attempt to do in
these circumstances well there's
probably no team orders here today as
you can see they're working the cars
very hard indeed but like everything
else in a bit of team morale when you're
on a charge like this said it really
inspires the drivers to sort of work
with it clean bit of a freight train and
they're working out the old one - BMW
sandwich very effectively at the moment
well you certainly can't beat the
competition that exists in teams between
team mates and everyone that was always
out to beat his teammate and that's just
what Capello was doing there at the rear
of the group there you can see he's
starting to make some ground on his
teammate boy and it is still joven Rd in
the one five five alpha well and truly
out in front now you can see that
graphically he's got himself a ripper
leave right at the moment the two BMWs I
don't really think they're holding each
other up they just don't seem to have
the pace to keep up with the hour out in
front but the Audi's well I'd have
thought they left they had have been a
lot more competitive well judging by
fast performance you'd think so but
around here this alpha male is working
exceptionally well and I'm really
surprised the way the BMWs have gone so
quick in this second thing I mean
they've got great performance
well and the drivers are getting a lot
more out of it ever they're much closer
to the front of the field well on his
final lap now jovanotti well and truly
clear of this battle between the two
BMWs and nurse Betty and Chicano really
going out of here you can see here that
euro car five is all over the back of
his teammate simply can't find a way by
well that you'll either jovanotti if he
takes this one out that will be maximum
points from this round can't do better
than that you can see there the cars are
just so flat as in life referred to
before they are very stiff in the
suspension and
seems to work so well on this smooth the
jello track I don't think you can do
anything about this is just stuck behind
this Betty bear sitting back in third
position miss Betty there touch the
brakes going through the corner there
obviously with the left foot a little
bit of weight onto the front tires
helping steer and his teammate you could
I didn't have any choice but to apply
the brakes and prevent perfect into the
back of his teammate absolutely
fantastic for the NWS with a delivery
really do look sharp and jovanotti now
heading around a few more corners to go
and he will have this one in the bag a
shame that Deana Mitch's teammate is not
here because I'm sure he will put up a
great battle and do damage another young
charger in this series as I said we'll
be keeping you up to speed as to who the
drivers are and what they're doing the
Nord Auto engineering car and in fact
it's surprising not Auto engineering are
the official presenters of these cars
for Alfa
ten of these vehicles the checkered
flags out I only need one because it's
crossing the line in first position
joven Rd takes maximum points from round
one and in water performance from the
alphas well an Italian victory and
Italian track what can I say absolutely
brilliant performance there great
driving and alpha-2 wins two stars
yes I'm sure there will be some real
celebrations amongst that team tonight
okay let's have a look at them as they
finish the second race Gio Bernard he
takes the winner headedness Fetty in the
BMW Chicano BMW Capello has managed to
get up into fourth ahead of his teammate
more and call Thiago the top privateer
from the first round of the super
Turismo for the Italian national
championship well that's it from us here
at Speed Week on behalf of Ian laughs
Greg rust and Denis Neil on Greg McShane
and thanks for your company we'll see
you next week